docs: update snapshot delete description help description (#553)
salesforcecli/plugin-signups: messages/snapshot.delete.md

# description

> Dev Hub admins can delete any snapshot, while users can delete only their own unless a Dev Hub admin gives the user Modify All permissions (Salesforce license only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dev Hub admins can delete any snapshot. Users can delete only their own snapshots, unless a Dev Hub admin gives the user Modify All permission, which works only with the Salesforce license.
```

Reviewer: @agomez-sf , I checked with EmilyK about this.  I felt like it was unclear what exactly the _Salesforce license only_ part was qualifying. Thank you!

Author: Sounds good, I've updated the description.Thank you!
